# Fire-Arms-Law
Here I will direct the course of Barrack's needs to take up the spotlight in lead of command on led &amp; commanding laws of firearms rights properly with full digestion for all in use once worded, split up in logic, then distributed rightfully for rally.

# NOTICE OF NEEDED DISCUSSION
- Laws needing debate stay up for argument until pulled down off of the cage-shelf, rendered in the hands of a caring, and loving shoaman; and then nurtured by his light of logical intelligence which is sturred into a pot with creation in values, and morals to blend. This sounds like a recipe for the future of our nations' 13 month long rider's campaign. Through this journey we will find a campaign in crusade quit pleasing to our unusual media-based palette of potential dishes in which we serve out to our peoples' public. The easier we break-down the bigger bytes, bits, and ideas; the less hazardous choking in "heated arguments" rather than cold, hard political debate will bring about much less dramatic outbursts, and especially stress rates among our congressional valuemen of chairs, cabinets and boards.
- 
## Intuition is a Key to the Lock of the Gun:
### The Pyramid Schematical Point of View System 
--- if gun control is not an obstacle, then I don't know what is, and finding a loophole is not the answer; because a topic like this would bring sewing of oats into play for the political pens that sign the documents of The Act into law, and out of law each day as the tide turns. With U.S. we have natural lunacy in our blood, so heated debate quickly turns in angst against us on our favorite topics, and can soon become consumed by a malodramatic internal storm that becomes the public medias' cage/arena. If we look at the logical inside the obstacle, it's hard to see, because something like a gun can so easily take the life of a being whom their life had what worth to the majorty, over what worth to the majority was the reason for which the life was taken by gun-fire forcibly; accidentally, with cruel intent, with freedom and peace in mind in the long run or just as a fear-factoring tool.

# The Mind and The Hands:
* Tying a gun to a man is like giving him a magical property, one of which he can harnass in honor, and righteousness; or take up in contempt of the Lord's plan, in use to create a severing point in the minds' perspective of view in life or death, by altering their neighbors' reality with terroristic retaliation against a nation or a persons' nation. Usually this takes place in history, over time and space of existence with a lust for greed, and treasure as well as power consumption, or physical control when a firearm is used in a term outside of hunting or protecting and servitude here in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. that travels here from foreign lands. 

### How do we know who is Able to Carry Soundly:

- Motor: motor skills show the ability of a person to perform simple tasks, as if the person is able to carry a firearm safely in physical terms first, upon assessing an individual for deeming them fully fit to carry in all; concealed or not, that doesn't matter any to the fact that a person who is drunk can carry a gun and misuse it just as easily concealed as baring the gun at hip-holster reach. The individual doesn't have to be a navy seal to weald a firearm, or have the same amount of training in order to purchase one, carry it or bear it about his body for use in protection of his family's life or his/her own breath. Physical training is a plus, but does not render a man/woman useless in the right to own a firearm for protection. We imposed these founding father's admendments to instill freedom in the spirit of us. If the individual is unable to carry his/her own rifle; there should be the right of a loving neighbor to weald that extra weight for him/her in empathetic action of caring for a disabled neighbor; just as one should be able to rightfully mount their kins' armor in firearmory, melee and also badges if deemed fit by reincarnation for the medals' value of honor. 

- Psyche: The psyche is a tool to be used with a firearm in domesticated partnership of complimentary weaponry value inside a being's arsenal. In time you'll witness the ability to harnass a firearm, bear it amounted your body in hand, and with the mind be able to bless the bullets in holy property, and energy which shows an extreme discharge of the bullet in sound and overall increase incredibly in the firepower behind some of the weaker rounds of ammunition. This comes with the angelican times of the latter days, which aren't at end until the wars are over. As long as Al Queda exists in entity form, and also has the ability to possess with their entity form a physical body of berserker tribe's blood: we will see violence, murder, rape and terror in blinded hatred against our people. I believe ISIL will stop at nothing until we correct everything. This is just a fact of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. 
- Sensory:
- Simple-Logic:
- State of Being:
- Rate of Negative Backfire:
- Amount of Subtle Recoil Absorbtion:
